---
title: Maline
excerpt: "Evaluation of Android Malware Detection Based on System Calls"
layout: repo-dataset
authors: "Marko Dimjašević, Simone Atzeni, Ivo Ugrina, Zvonimir Rakamarić"
version: 4
---

# URL

* [Data in tera-PROMISE](https://terapromise.csc.ncsu.edu/!/#repo/view/head/code-analysis/maline)
* [Paper in ACM Digital Library](https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?doid=2875475.2875487)

# Change Log

When | What
---- | ----
June 13th, 2016 | Donated by [Zvonimir Rakamarić ](zvonimir@cs.utah.edu)

# Reference

Studies who have been using the data (in any form) are required to include the following reference:

```
@inproceedings{Dimjasevic:2016:EAM:2875475.2875487,
 author = {Dimja\v{s}evi\'{c}, Marko and Atzeni, Simone and Ugrina, Ivo and Rakamaric, Zvonimir},
 title = {Evaluation of Android Malware Detection Based on System Calls},
 booktitle = {Proceedings of the 2016 ACM on International Workshop on Security And Privacy Analytics},
 series = {IWSPA '16},
 year = {2016},
 isbn = {978-1-4503-4077-9},
 location = {New Orleans, Louisiana, USA},
 pages = {1--8},
 numpages = {8},
 url = {http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/2875475.2875487},
 doi = {10.1145/2875475.2875487},
 acmid = {2875487},
 publisher = {ACM},
 address = {New York, NY, USA},
 keywords = {android, machine learning, malware detection, system calls},
}
```

# About the Data

## Overview of Data
This data set contains execution logs of 12,000 Android applications and machine learning feature matrices constructed from them.

## Paper Abstract

With Android being the most widespread mobile platform, protecting it against malicious applications is essential. Android users typically install applications from large remote repositories, which provides ample opportunities for malicious newcomers. In this paper, we evaluate a few techniques for detecting malicious Android applications on a repository level. The techniques perform automatic classification based on tracking system calls while applications are executed in a sandbox environment. We implemented the techniques in the maline tool, and performed extensive empirical evaluation on a suite of around 12,000 applications. The evaluation considers the size and type of inputs used in analyses. We show that simple and relatively small inputs result in an overall detection accuracy of 93% with a 5% benign application classification error, while results are improved to a 96% detection accuracy with up-sampling. This indicates that system-call based techniques are viable to be used in practice. Finally, we show that even simplistic feature choices are effective, suggesting that more heavyweight approaches should be thoroughly (re)evaluated.