---
title: CPM
excerpt: "Variability-Aware Performance Prediction: A Statistical Learning Approach"
layout: repo
authors: Jianmei Guo ;Czarnecki, K.; Apel, S.; Siegmund, N.
version: CURRENT PROMISE VERSION
---

#URL

* [Data](https://github.com/jmguo/cpm/tree/master/Expt1_CART/workspace/UseCART/dataset)
* [Paper](http://www.infosun.fim.uni-passau.de/publications/docs/GCA+12.pdf)

#Change Log

When | What
---- | ----
March 26th, 2015| Donated by [Jianmei Guo](/repo/people)

#Reference

Jianmei Guo; Czarnecki, K.; Apel, S.; Siegmund, N.; Wasowski, A., "Variability-aware performance prediction: A statistical learning approach," Automated Software Engineering (ASE), 2013 IEEE/ACM 28th International Conference on , vol., no., pp.301,311, 11-15 Nov. 2013
doi: 10.1109/ASE.2013.6693089

```
@INPROCEEDINGS{6693089, 
author={Jianmei Guo and Czarnecki, K. and Apel, S. and Siegmund, N. and Wasowski, A.}, 
booktitle={Automated Software Engineering (ASE), 2013 IEEE/ACM 28th International Conference on}, 
title={Variability-aware performance prediction: A statistical learning approach}, 
year={2013}, 
month={Nov}, 
pages={301-311}, 
keywords={configuration management;learning (artificial intelligence);software performance evaluation;statistical analysis;configurable software systems;program variants;statistical learning;variability-aware performance prediction;Accuracy;Correlation;Feature extraction;Measurement;Predictive models;Silicon;Software systems}, 
doi={10.1109/ASE.2013.6693089},}
```

#About the Data

##Overview of Data

OVERVIEW OF DATA HERE

##Attibute Information

ATTRIBUTE INFORMATION HERE - if relevent

## Paper abstract

Configurable software systems allow stakeholders to derive program variants by selecting features. Understanding the correlation between feature selections and performance is important for stakeholders to be able to derive a program variant that meets their requirements. A major challenge in practice is to accurately predict performance based on a small sample of measured variants, especially when features interact. We propose a variability-aware approach to performance prediction via statistical learning. The approach works progressively with random samples, without additional effort to detect feature interactions. Empirical results on six real-world case studies demonstrate an average of 94% prediction accuracy based on small random samples. Furthermore, we investigate why the approach works by a comparative analysis of performance distributions. Finally, we compare our approach to an existing technique and guide users to choose one or the other in practice.
