---
title: MSRCB
excerpt: "The MSR Cookbook: Mining a decade of research"
layout: repo-dataset
authors: "Hemmati, H; Nadi, S. ; Baysal, O. ; Kononenko, O. ; Wei Wang ; Holmes, R. ; Godfrey, M.W."
version: CURRENT PROMISE VERSION
---

#URL

* [Data](http://swag.uwaterloo.ca/~okononen/msr/MSRCookBookRawData.xlsx)
* [Paper](http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/abstractAuthors.jsp?arnumber=6624048)

#Change Log

When | What
---- | ----
May, 1st 2015 | Donated by [Software Architecture Group, University of Waterloo](http://www.swag.uwaterloo.ca/)

# Reference

```
@INPROCEEDINGS{6624048, 
author={Hemmati, H. and Nadi, S. and Baysal, O. and Kononenko, O. and Wei Wang and Holmes, R. and Godfrey, M.W.}, 
booktitle={Mining Software Repositories (MSR), 2013 10th IEEE Working Conference on}, 
title={The MSR Cookbook: Mining a decade of research}, 
year={2013}, 
month={May}, 
pages={343-352}, 
keywords={data acquisition;data analysis;data mining;recommender systems;MSR cookbook;Mining
 Software Repositories research community;data acquisition;data analysis;data preparation;data
 replication;data sharing;data synthesis;grounded theory methodology;recommendation;Best
 practices;Communities;Context;Data acquisition;Data mining;Electronic mail;Software},
doi={10.1109/MSR.2013.6624048}, 
ISSN={2160-1852},}
```

# About the Data

The MSR conference and workshop series has published 270 papers, including 117 full papers, 26 position papers, 67 short/poster/lightning papers, and 60 challenge papers. Four of the authors of this paper carefully read all 117 full papers from MSR 2005 to 2012, and extracted a total of 268 comments from them; comments were selected if they appeared to be generalizable observations or recommendations about doing work in the field, and if they appeared to be supported by evidence in the paper. The authors also extracted the names of any tools that were developed or used in the studies.

##Paper abstract

The Mining Software Repositories (MSR) research community has grown significantly since the first MSR workshop was held in 2004. As the community continues to broaden its scope and deepens its expertise, it is worthwhile to reflect on the best practices that our community has developed over the past decade of research. We identify these best practices by surveying past MSR conferences and workshops. To that end, we review all 117 full papers published in the MSR proceedings between 2004 and 2012. We extract 268 comments from these papers, and categorize them using a grounded theory methodology. From this evaluation, four high-level themes were identified: data acquisition and preparation, synthesis, analysis, and sharing/replication. Within each theme we identify several common recommendations, and also examine how these recommendations have evolved over the past decade. In an effort to make this survey a living artifact, we also provide a public forum that contains the extracted recommendations in the hopes that the MSR community can engage in a continuing discussion on our evolving best practices.
