---
title: cocommit
excerpt: "Synchronous Development in OSS"
layout: repo-dataset
authors: "Qi Xuan; Vladimir Filkov"
version: 5
---


# URL

  * [Data in Terapromise](https://terapromise.csc.ncsu.edu/!/#repo/view/head/other/cocommit)
  * [Paper in ACM Digital Library](http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2568238)

# Change Log

When | What
---- | ----
April 03, 2015| Donated by [Qi Xuan](/repo/people/data-donors/promise5.html)


# Reference

Studies who have been using the data (in any form) are required to add the following reference to their report/paper:

```
@inproceedings{Xuan:2014:BTS:2568225.2568238,
 author = {Xuan, Qi and Filkov, Vladimir},
 title = {Building It Together: Synchronous Development in OSS},
 booktitle = {Proceedings of the 36th International Conference on Software Engineering},
 series = {ICSE 2014},
 year = {2014},
 isbn = {978-1-4503-2756-5},
 location = {Hyderabad, India},
 pages = {222--233},
 numpages = {12},
 url = {http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/2568225.2568238},
 doi = {10.1145/2568225.2568238},
 acmid = {2568238},
 publisher = {ACM},
 address = {New York, NY, USA},
 keywords = {OSS, collaboration, communication, synchronization},
}
```

# About the Data
The authors obtained data for 31 OSS projects from the Apache Software Foundation  on March 24th, 2012. For  each project, the commit activities of developers on dierent  files are gathered from the corresponding Git repository while the email communication  activities  are  gathered  from  the  online  developer mailing lists.  For  each commit activity,  The authors recorded the developer ID, file ID, file type, the exact submitting time in seconds, and the numbers of added and deleted LOC in each file.  For  each communication activity,  The authors recorded the sender ID, receiver ID, and the sending  time  in  seconds. Note that, developers may have multiple aliases, which were resolved  by  using  a  semi-automatic  approach.

# Abstract
In  distributed  software  development  synchronized  actions are important for completion of complex, interleaved tasks that  require  the  abilities  of  multiple  people.   Synchronous development  is  manifested  when le  commits  by  two  developers  are  close  together  in  time  and  modify  the  same files.   Here  we  propose  quantitative  methods  for  identifying  synchronized  activities  in  OSS  projects,  and  use  them to relate developer synchronization with effective productivity and communication.  In particular, we dene co-commit bursts and communication bursts, as intervals of time rich in co-commit and correspondence activities,  respectively,  and construct  from  them  smoothed  time  series  which  can  be, subsequently, correlated to discover synchrony.   We found that synchronized co-commits between developers are associated with their  effective productivity  and  coordination:  during co-commit bursts, vs.  at other times, the project size grows faster even though  the  overall  coding  effort  slows  down. We  also found  strong  correlation  between  synchronized  co-commits and communication, that is, for pairs of developers,more co-commit bursts are accompanied with more communication bursts, and their relationship follows closely a linear model.  In addition, synchronized co-commits and communication  activities  occur  very  close  together  in  time,  thus, they  can  also  be  thought  of  as  synchronizing  each  other. This  study  can  help  with  better  understanding  collaborative mechanisms in OSS and the role communication plays in distributed software engineering.
