---
title: refract
excerpt: "Beyond the rainbow: self-adaptive failure avoidance in configurable systems"
layout: repo-dataset
authors: "Jacob Swanson; Myra B. Cohen; Matthew B. Dwyer; Brady J. Garvin; Justin Firestone"
version: 4
---

# URL

* [Data in Terapromise](https://terapromise.csc.ncsu.edu/!/#repo/view/head/other/refract)
* [Paper in ACM Digital Library](http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2635915)

# Change Log

When | What
---- | ----
April 9th, 2015 | Donated by [Jacob Swanson](/repo/people/data-donors/promise4.html)

# Reference

Studies who have been using the data (in any form) are required to include the following reference:

```
@inproceedings{Swanson:2014:BRS:2635868.2635915,
  author = {Swanson, Jacob and Cohen, Myra B. and Dwyer, Matthew B. and Garvin, Brady J. and Firestone, Justin},
  title = {Beyond the Rainbow: Self-adaptive Failure Avoidance in Configurable Systems},
  booktitle = {Proceedings of the 22Nd ACM SIGSOFT International Symposium on Foundations of Software Engineering},
  series = {FSE 2014},
  year = {2014},
  isbn = {978-1-4503-3056-5},
  location = {Hong Kong, China},
  pages = {377--388},
  numpages = {12},
  url = {http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/2635868.2635915},
  doi = {10.1145/2635868.2635915},
  acmid = {2635915},
  publisher = {ACM},
  address = {New York, NY, USA},
  keywords = {Configurable Software, Self-Adaptive Software},
}
```

# About the Data

## Overview of Data

There are three dataset files supplemental to the study:

 1. **FirefoxFM.xml** The Firefox feature model (in XML)
 2. **normaltestcases.zip** Normal test cases. These are the Mozmill test cases that we expected to pass.
 3. **firefoxbugs.zip** Seeded faulty test cases. These seven tests contain faults that we recreated based on real Firefox faults.

## Paper Abstract

Self-adaptive software systems monitor their state and then
adapt when certain conditions are met, guided by a global
utility function. In prior work we developed algorithms and
conducted a post-hoc analysis demonstrating the possibility
of adapting to software failures by judiciously changing
configurations. In this paper we present the REFRACT
framework that realizes this idea in practice by building
on the self-adaptive Rainbow architecture. REFRACT extends
Rainbow with new components and algorithms targeting
failure avoidance. We use REFRACT in a case study
running four independently executing Firefox clients with 36
passing test cases and 7 seeded faults. The study show that
workarounds for all but one of the seeded faults are found
and the one that is not found never fails – it is guarded
from failing by a related workaround. Moreover, REFRACT
finds workarounds for eight configuration-related unseeded
failures from tests that were expected to pass (and did under
the default configuration). Finally, the data show that when
a failure and its workaround are found, configuration guards
prevent the failure from appearing again. In a simulation
lasting 24 hours we see over 150 guard activations and no
failures with workarounds remaining beyond 16 hours
