---
title: Subject Programs
excerpt: "Comparing Multi-point Stride Coverage and Dataflow Coverage"
layout: repo-dataset
authors: "Mohammad Mahdi Hassan, James H. Andrews"
version: 4
---

# URL

* [Data (External Link](http://sir.unl.edu/)
* [Paper in ACM Digital Library](http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2486812)

# Change Log

When | What
---- | ----
October 30th, 2015 | Donated by [James H. Andrews](mailto: andrews@csd.uwo.ca)

# Reference

Studies who have been using the data (in any form) are required to include the following reference:

```
@inproceedings{hassan2013comparing,
  title={Comparing multi-point stride coverage and dataflow coverage},
  author={Hassan, Mohammad Mahdi and Andrews, James H},
  booktitle={Proceedings of the 2013 International Conference on Software Engineering},
  pages={172--181},
  year={2013},
  organization={IEEE Press}
}
```

# About the Data

## Overview of Data

Fifteen subject programs in three different programming languages (eleven C, one C++, three Java) were used. The programs were selected as they were used in previous research and regarded as standard.

The programs are: concordance, flex, gzip, grep, sed, printtokens, printtokens2, replace, schedule, schedule2, tcas, totinfo, jtopas, nanoxml and xml-security.

## Attribute Information

Type of program, Programming language, SLOC, Number of test cases, Branch coverage of whole test pool, Test suite diversity, Partial execution pattern constant

## Paper Abstract

We introduce a family of coverage criteria, called Multi-Point Stride Coverage (MPSC). MPSC generalizes branch coverage to coverage of tuples of branches taken from the execution sequence of a program. We investigate its potential as a replacement for dataflow coverage, such as def-use coverage. We find that programs can be instrumented for MPSC easily, that the instrumentation usually incurs less overhead than that for def-use coverage, and that MPSC is comparable in usefulness to def-use in predicting test suite effectiveness. We also find that the space required to collect MPSC can be predicted from the number of branches in the program.
