#summary High maturity research data from SEI
#labels General

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

= URL =

  * Lastest version:
    * [http://code.google.com/p/promisedata/source/browse/trunk/general/cmmi/HM2008.xls HM2008]
    * [http://code.google.com/p/promisedata/source/browse/trunk/general/cmmi/HM08-varkey.doc HM08-varkey (Variable and response category key to HM2008)]
    * [http://code.google.com/p/promisedata/source/browse/trunk/general/cmmi/HM2009.xls HM2009]
    * [http://code.google.com/p/promisedata/source/browse/trunk/general/cmmi/HM09-varkey.doc HM09-varkey (Variable and response category key to HM2009)]
  * With change log:
    * http://code.google.com/p/promisedata/source/browse/trunk/general/cmmi/


= Change Log =

|| When || What ||
|| May 26, 2013 || Donated by [mailto:dz@sei.cmu.edu Dave Zubrow] ||

= About the data =

These datasets were collected from two surveys conducted by the SEI on CMMI high maturity practices.Readers may contact [mailto:dz@sei.cmu.edu dz@sei.cmu.edu] for further information about these datasets.
  * Study 1: James McCurley  and Dennis R. Goldenson. [http://www.sei.cmu.edu/library/abstracts/reports/10tr022.cfm Performance Effects of Measurement and Analysis: Perspectives from CMMI High Maturity Organizations and Appraisers] CMU/SEI-2010-TR-022.
  * Study 2: Dennis R. Goldenson, James McCurley,  and Robert W. Stoddard II. [http://www.sei.cmu.edu/library/abstracts/reports/08tr024.cfm Use and Organizational Effects of Measurement and Analysis in High Maturity Organizations: Results from the 2008 SEI State of Measurement and Analysis Practice Surveys] CMU/SEI-2008-TR-024.

= Reference =

James McCurley and Dennis R. Goldenson. Performance Effects of Measurement and Analysis: Perspectives from CMMI High Maturity Organizations and Appraisers (CMU/SEI-2010-TR-022). Software Engineering Institute, Carnegie Mellon University, 2010. http://www.sei.cmu.edu/library/abstracts/reports/10tr022.cfm

Dennis R. Goldenson, James McCurley, and Robert W. Stoddard II. Use and Organizational Effects of Measurement and Analysis in High Maturity Organizations: Results from the 2008 SEI State of Measurement and Analysis Practice Surveys (CMU/SEI-2008-TR-024). Software Engineering Institute, Carnegie Mellon University, 2009. http://www.sei.cmu.edu/library/abstracts/reports/08tr024.cfm