#summary cm1
#labels General,Defect,Model

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

CM1 is a NASA spacecraft instrument (data collection and processing) written in "C".


At various times, researchers have negotiated access to the CM source code. Hence, it is somewhat more studied that some of the other NASA data sets. For, example, a UML model  
for CM1 is reverse engineered from the artifacts provided to West Virginia University.


= URL =

  * Latest version :
    * [http://promisedata.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/defect/cm1  cm1] : static code measures
    * [http://promisedata.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/general/cm1-maintain cm1-maintain]  : maintenance measures (from the UML study)
    * [http://promisedata.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/model/cm1-bn cm1-bn] : quality measures from a Bayes net quality model
    * [http://promisedata.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/model/cm1-fix cm1-fix] : estimated time to fix (measures from a Bayes net quality model)
  * With change log:
    * [http://code.google.com/p/promisedata/source/browse/trunk/defect/cm1 cm1]
      * [http://code.google.com/p/promisedata/source/browse/trunk/defect/cm1/d cm1'], the cleaned version by Shepperd et al., described as D' [http://nasa-softwaredefectdatasets.wikispaces.com/home here].
      * [http://code.google.com/p/promisedata/source/browse/trunk/defect/cm1/dd cm1''], the cleaned version by Shepperd et al., described as D'' [http://nasa-softwaredefectdatasets.wikispaces.com/home here].
    * [http://code.google.com/p/promisedata/source/browse/trunk/general/cm1-maintain cm1-maintain]
    * [http://code.google.com/p/promisedata/source/browse/trunk/model/cm1-bn  cm1-bn]
    * [http://code.google.com/p/promisedata/source/browse/trunk/model/cm1-fix  cm1-fix]

= Change Log =

|| When || What ||
|| May 1, 2012 || Added to the Promise3 repo by TimMenzies. Row order shuffled. ||
|| November 1, 2011 || Dataset has been cleaned by MartinShepperd et al. (cm1' and cm1'' are the cleaned versions) ||
|| May 11, 2009|| Bayes net material added by StefanWagner ||
|| August, 2006 || Maintenance measures added by HanyAmmar KaterinaGoseva WalidAbdelmoez ||
|| December 2, 2004 || Donated by PatCallis ||


= See Also =

  * [ShortTutorialOnDefectPrediction]
  * [McCabe]
  * [Halstead]
 

= Reference =

  *  S. Wagner. A Bayesian Network Approach to Assess and Predict Software Quality Using Activity-Based Quality Models. In: Proc.  International Conference on Predictor Models in Software Engineering (PROMISE '09). ACM Press, 2009.
   *	W. AbdelMoez , K. Goseva-Popstojanova, H.H. Ammar,  “Methodology for Maintainability-Based Risk Assessment,"  Proc. of the 52nd   Annual Reliability & Maintainability Symposium (RAMS 2006),  Newport Beach, CA., January 23-26, 2006.
  * W. AbdelMoez, M. Shereshevsky, R. Gunnalan, H.H. Ammar, Bo Yu,  S. Bogazzi, M. Korkmaz,  A. Mili , “Quantifying Software Architectures:  An Analysis of Change Propagation Probabilties”, ACS/IEEE International  Conference on Computer Systems and Applications (AICCSA 05), Cairo,  Egypt, January 3-6, 2005.
  *	W. AbdelMoez , K. Goseva-Popstojanova, H.H. Ammar,  “Maintainability-Based  Risk Assessment in Adaptive Maintenance Context,"  Proc. of the 2nd PRedictOr  Models In Software Engineering (PROMISE 2006) workshop, Philadelphia, Pa. USA, September 24, 2006.
  * M. Shepperd, Q. Song, Z. Sun and C. Mair, [http://goo.gl/OlHNh Data Quality: Some Comments on the NASA Software Defect Data Sets] (under review), 2011