---
title: Lucene Mail list
excerpt: "Communication in open source software development mailing lists"
layout: repo-dataset
authors: "Anja Guzzi, Alberto Bacchelli, Michele Lanza, Martin Pinzger, Arie van Deursen"
version: 4
---

#URL

* [Data in tera-PROMISE](https://terapromise.csc.ncsu.edu:8443/!/#repo/view/head/msr/lucene)
* [Paper in IEEE Digital Library](http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/articleDetails.jsp?arnumber=6624039)

#Change Log

When | What
---- | ----
October 30th, 2015 | Donated by [Anja Guzzi](mailto: A.Guzzi@tudelft.nl)

#Reference

Studies who have been using the data (in any form) are required to include the following reference:

```
@INPROCEEDINGS{6624039,
author={Guzzi, A. and Bacchelli, A. and Lanza, M. and Pinzger, M. and van Deursen, A.},
booktitle={Mining Software Repositories (MSR), 2013 10th IEEE Working Conference on},
title={Communication in open source software development mailing lists},
year={2013},
pages={277-286},
keywords={project management;public domain software;software engineering;software management;Lucene;OSS project communication;development mailing lists communication;email threads;open source software development mailing lists;Buildings;Data mining;Electronic mail;Linux;Software;Sorting},
doi={10.1109/MSR.2013.6624039},
ISSN={2160-1852},
month={May},
}
```

#About the Data

##Overview of Data

Sample of 506 email threads from the development mailing list of a major OSS project, Lucene.

##Attribute Information

Names, email addresses, alias, addresses of developers

##Paper Abstract

Open source software (OSS) development teams use electronic means, such as emails, instant messaging, or forums, to conduct open and public discussions. Researchers investigated mailing lists considering them as a hub for project communication. Prior work focused on specific aspects of emails, for example the handling of patches, traceability concerns, or social networks. This led to insights pertaining to the investigated aspects, but not to a comprehensive view of what developers communicate about. Our objective is to increase the understanding of development mailing lists communication. We quantitatively and qualitatively analyzed a sample of 506 email threads from the development mailing list of a major OSS project, Lucene. Our investigation reveals that implementation details are discussed only in about 35% of the threads, and that a range of other topics is discussed. Moreover, core developers participate in less than 75% of the threads. We observed that the development mailing list is not the main player in OSS project communication, as it also includes other channels such as the issue repository.
