---
title: splot
excerpt: "Scaling Exact Multi-objective Combinatorial Optimization by Parallelization"
layout: repo
author: MarcilioMendonca
---


#URL

  * [External (SPLOT) link](http://www.splot-research.org)
  * [Paper in ACM Digital Library](http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2642971)

# Authors

Jianmei Guo
Edward Zulkoski
Rafael Olaechea
Derek Rayside
Krzysztof Czarnecki
Sven Apel
Joanne M. Atlee

#Change Log

When | What
---- | ----
March 12, 2015 | Donated by [Marcilio Mendonca](/repo/people)


#Reference

Studies who have been using the data (in any form) are required to add the following reference to their report/paper:

    @inproceedings{Guo:2014:SEM:2642937.2642971,
    author = {Guo, Jianmei and Zulkoski, Edward and Olaechea, Rafael and Rayside, Derek and Czarnecki, Krzysztof and Apel, Sven and Atlee, Joanne M.},
    title = {Scaling Exact Multi-objective Combinatorial Optimization by Parallelization},
    booktitle = {Proceedings of the 29th ACM/IEEE International Conference on Automated Software Engineering},
    series = {ASE '14},
    year = {2014},
    location = {Vasteras, Sweden},
    pages = {409--420},
    publisher = {ACM},
    }

#About the Data

# Overview of Data
The models below were generated automatically to support empirical studies on the performance 
and scalability of automated techniques for reasoning on feature models. In each generated 
model, each type of mandatory, optional, inclusive-OR and exclusive-OR feature was added with 
equal probability. The branching factor (number of children per parent node) of the feature tree 
varied from 1 to 6. The cross-tree constraints were generated as a single Random 3-CNF formula. 
More details about these kinds of generated feature models can be found in the section below 
about our feature model generator tool.

# Paper Abstract
Multi-Objective Combinatorial Optimization (MOCO) is fundamental to the development and 
optimization of software systems. We propose five novel parallel algorithms for solving MOCO 
problems exactly and efficiently. Our algorithms rely on off-the-shelf solvers to search for 
exact Pareto-optimal solutions, and they parallelize the search via collaborative communication, 
divide-and-conquer, or both. We demonstrate the feasibility and performance of our algorithms 
by experiments on three case studies of software-system designs. A key finding is that one 
algorithm, which we call FS-GIA, achieves substantial (even super-linear) speedups that scale 
well up to 64 cores. Furthermore, we analyze the performance bottlenecks and opportunities of 
our parallel algorithms, which facilitates further research on exact, parallel MOCO.

