---
title: Mining Branching LSCs: CrossFTP, Columba traces and results
excerpt: "Have We Seen Enough Traces?"
layout: repo-dataset
authors: "Hila Cohen, Shahar Maoz"
version: 4
---

#URL

* [Data in tera-PROMISE](https://terapromise.csc.ncsu.edu:8443/!/#repo/view/head/search-based-se/mining)
* [Paper in Digital Library](http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/articleDetails.jsp?arnumber=7371999&punumber%3D7371449%26filter%3DAND%28p_IS_Number%3A7371976%29)

#Change Log

When | What
---- | ----
January 29, 2016 | Donated by [Shahar Maoz](mailto: maoz@se-rwth.de)

#Reference

Studies who have been using the data (in any form) are required to include the following reference:

```
@INPROCEEDINGS{7371999,
author={Cohen, Hila and Maoz, Shahar},
booktitle={Automated Software Engineering (ASE), 2015 30th IEEE/ACM International Conference on},
title={Have We Seen Enough Traces? (T)},
year={2015},
pages={93-103},
keywords={Adaptation models;Computational modeling;Data mining;Estimation;Heuristic algorithms;Probabilistic logic;Servers;Specification Mining},
doi={10.1109/ASE.2015.62},
month={Nov},}
```

#About the Data

##Overview of Data

Two sets of execution traces from two object-oriented applications: CrossFTP (an FTP client), Columba (an email client). An event in an execution trace denotes one method call from on object in the application (to itself or to another object). Each trace contains events of one execution of the application (from launch to termination).
In addition, the dataset contains results of an experiment for mining linear-time and branching-time scenarios in the form of Live Sequence Charts (LSCs) using different parameters.
An index file describes the data and the experiments.


##Paper Abstract

Dynamic specification mining extracts candidate specifications from logs of execution traces. Existing algorithms differ in the kinds of traces they take as input and in the kinds of candidate specification they present as output. One challenge common to all approaches relates to the faithfulness of the mining results: how can we be confident that the extracted specifications faithfully characterize the program we investigate? Since producing and analyzing traces is costly, how would we know we have seen enough traces? And, how would we know we have not wasted resources and seen too many of them?In this paper we address these important questions by presenting a novel, black box, probabilistic framework based on a notion of log completeness, and by applying it to three different well-known specification mining algorithms from the literature: k-Tails, Synoptic, and mining of scenario-based triggers and effects. Extensive evaluation over 24 models taken from 9 different sources shows the soundness, generalizability, and usefulness of the framework and its contribution to the state-of-the-art in dynamic specification mining.
