---
title: nasa93
excerpt: Notes on nasa93
layout: repo-dataset
author: Tim Menzies
---


This is a cross-listed data set that contains effort _and_ defect information.

This data uses the attributes defined in the [model](http://openscience.us/repo/model).

# URL

* [Data Link (DOI)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.268419) (with defect and month counts)

# Change Log

When | What
---- | ----
March  2010 | JPL experts added expected number of defects and months to create nasa93-dem
February 8, 2006 | Donated by [Tim Menzies](/repo/people/data-donors/promise3.html)

# Notes from the Author

 * Title/Topic: COCOMO NASA 2 / Software cost estimation

## Sources

 * 93 NASA projects from different centers for projects from the following years:

n | year
---- | ----
1  | 1971
1  | 1974
2  | 1975
2  | 1976
10 | 1977
4  | 1978
19 | 1979
11 | 1980
13 | 1982
7  | 1983
7  | 1984
6  | 1985
8  | 1986
2  | 1987


 * Collected by: Jairus Hihn, JPL, NASA, Manager SQIP Measurement & Benchmarking Element. Phone (818) 354-1248 (Jairus.M.Hihn@jpl.nasa.gov)



## Past Usage

 * None with this specific data set. But for older work on similar data, see:
   * "Validation Methods for Calibrating Software Effort Models", T. Menzies and D. Port and Z. Chen and J. Hihn and S. Stukes, Proceedings ICSE 2005,[http://menzies.us/pdf/04coconut.pdf](http://menzies.us/pdf/04coconut.pdf)
   * Results:
     * Given background knowledge on 60 prior projects, a new cost model can be tuned to local data using as little as 20 new projects.
     * A very simple calibration method (COCONUT) can achieve PRED(30)=7% or PRED(20)=50% (after 20 projects).  These are results seen in 30 repeats of an incremental cross-validation study.
     * Two cost models are compared; one based on just lines of code and one using over a dozen "effort multipliers". Just using lines of code loses 10 to 20 PRED(N) points.

 * Additional Usage:
   * "Feature Subset Selection Can Improve Software Cost Estimation Accuracy" Zhihao Chen, Tim Menzies, Dan Port and Barry Boehm Proceedings PROMISE Workshop 2005,[http://promise.site.uottawa.ca/proceedings/pdf/1.pdf](http://promise.site.uottawa.ca/proceedings/pdf/1.pdf) P02, P03, P04 are used in this paper.
   * Results
     * To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report of applying feature subset selection (FSS) to software effort data.
     * FSS can dramatically improve cost estimation.
     * T-tests are applied to the results to demonstrate that always in our data sets, removing attributes improves performance without increasing the variance in model behavior.

## Relevant Information


### Number of instances

93

### Number of attributes

24:

 * 15 standard COCOMO-I discrete  attributes in the range Very_Low to Extra_High
 * 7 others describing the project
 * one lines of code measure
 * one goal field being the actual effort in person months.

# Reference

See above section "Relevant Information" for further reference.

## People

 * [Tim Menzies](/repo/people)
