#summary Notes on MB2
#labels Defect

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

= URL =

  * Latest version: 
    * [http://promisedata.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/defect/mb2/cm10.csv cm10]
    * [http://promisedata.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/defect/mb2/kc10human.csv kc10human]
    * [http://promisedata.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/defect/mb2/kc10robot.csv kc10robot]
    * [http://promisedata.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/defect/mb2/silap211.csv silap211]
    * [http://promisedata.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/defect/mb2/silap433.csv silap433]
    * [http://promisedata.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/defect/mb2/tm1.csv tm1]
    * [http://promisedata.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/defect/mb2/wbs.awk.awk wbs.awk]
  * With change log:
    * [http://code.google.com/p/promisedata/source/browse/trunk/defect/mb2 mb2]

= Change Log =

|| When || What ||
|| May 10, 2006  || Donated by [TimMenzies Tim Menzies] ||
|| February 10, 2008 || Updated (silap211) ||

= Notes from the Author =

For more information on this data, see T. Menzies and M. Benson and K. Costello and M. Northey and J. Richardson, Learning Better IV&V Practices CSEE WVU and NASA IV&V, May 2007, http://menzies.us/pdf/07ivv.pdf .

WBS.awk:
A list of tasks and their ids, and how they are selected based on
consequence (co) and error potential (ep). task 1. are management
tasks that occur across the lifecycle. tasks 2,3,4,5,6,7 are tasks at
"concept", "requirements", "design", "coding","testing", and "other"
phases (respectively)

CM10.csv:   
         
The relative costs of performing IV&V tasks (sanitized, normalized, sums to 100). 
    
Silap433.csv:
           
SILAP scores given to 433 NASA software components (parts of a project that received individual attention by IV&V) 

TM1:
            
Frequency of IV&;V tasks (generated by running distributions of
Silap433 through SILAP).

KC10robot.csv:
            
The pattern of issue severity seen in robotic systems; 

KC10human.csv:

The pattern of issue severity seen in human-rated systems.

Silap211.csv:
           
A mapping of SILAP scores on 211 components to their final issue
severities.

= Reference =

== People ==

 * [TimMenzies Tim Menzies]
 * [ChristinaMoats Christina Moats]
 * [MarklandBenson Markland Benson]
 * [KenCostello Ken Costello]
 * [MelissaNorthey Melissa Northey]
 * [JulianRichardson Julian Richardson]

== Papers ==

T. Menzies, M. Benson, K. Costello, C. Moats, M. Northey, J. Richardson.  Learning better IV&V practices, in The Journal of Innovations in Systems and Software Engineering, Volume 4, Number 2, 2008-06-27.  pp. 169-183. Url: http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s11334-008-0046-3.  Doi: 10.1007/s11334-008-0046-3