---
layout: journal1
title: Research products
---

## Summary

Traditional papers are long and contain many
different kinds of _research products_.

SSJ supports tradition papers. But it also supports
shorter papers that comment on just a handful (perhaps even
just one) of the following kinds of _research products_.

## Background

SSJ is an experiment in changing the way we do
science.
Our concept of operation
rests on the idea that a traditional paper is actually
an end report generated after using  many
research products.
This idea can be best explained via analogy:

+ If we only share our papers then that is like a software company
only distributing their binary files.
+ If someone else wants
to modify and improve that code, they need more than just
the binary.
They need all the _intermediary products_ used along the way
to generate that binary.

As with software, so too with research papers about
software.  Our final papers are the result of
applying a large set of
research products](researchproducts.html) to some
task.  The premise of SSJ is that _each of those
products are worth reviewing and sharing_.

## List of Products

A (partial) list of research products follows. Note
that an SSJ submission contains one or more of the following.
Feel free to write papers about other kinds of products.

1.  _Motivational statements_ or reports or challenge
    statements or lists of open issues that prompt an
    analysis;
2.  _Literature reviews_ or annotated bibliographies;
3.  _Study instruments_ such as surveys interview
    scripts, etc;
4.  _Results_ from using the instruments;
5.  _Methodological discussions_ such as threats to external validity;
6.  Any _data_ used in an analysis (either raw from a
    project or some derived product);
7.  Any _scripts_ used to perform the analysis;
8.  _Checklists_ used to design the analysis;
9.  _Hypotheses_ about expected effects in some area;
10. _Statistical tests_ used to analyze results;
11. _Baseline results_ against which new work can be
    compared;
12. _Sampling procedures_ e.g. “how did you choose the
    projects you studied?”;
13. _Patterns_ describing best practices for performing
    this kind of analysis;
14. _Anti-patterns_ describing cautionary tales of
    “gotchas” to avoid when doing this kind of work;
15. _Negative results_ that are anti-patterns, backed up
    by empirical results;
16. _Executable models_ that can generate exemplar data;
    or which offer an executable form of current
    hypotheses;
17. _Tutorial materials:_ guides to help newcomers become
    proficient in the area. Some of these tutorial
    materials may be generated by the researcher and
    others may be collected from other sources.
18. _New results_ that offer guidance on how to best
    handle future problems.
19. _Future work:_ From the results, there many be
    speculations about open issues of future issues that
    might become the motivation for the next round of
    research.
	
